[AUDIO LOGO]
>> I'm Robert Grant,
and this is Code X.
[MUSIC PLAYING]
The Great Pyramid is the most
studied structure on planet
Earth, with over 6.5 million
tons of granite and limestone,
a 13-acre footprint.
It is missing its pyramidion.
It stands 455 feet high
without the pyramidion.
And with it, it would
stand 481.285 feet.
This structure has
been more studied
than any other structure.
It has been measured.
It has been analyzed.
It has been viewed from
all kinds of oscilloscopes,
as well as every kind of
electromagnetic interference
measurement known to man.
And yet, so much is still
yet hidden within its walls.
I decided to create an
entire game environment
from virtual reality,
by taking LiDAR images
and stitching them
together to make
the inside of the Great Pyramid
in this new virtual environment.
Come along with me
in this journey,
into this great simulation
that we constructed
of the Great Pyramid.
Here we are, standing
in the Grand Gallery
of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
This chamber has a very
distinctive feeling
and a concentration of
energy, particularly
at the point I'm
standing at. right here.
Right in front of me
is the great step.
This exact spot, in
fact, is precisely
under the apex of
the Great Pyramid,
above the millions
of tons of stone
all the way up to this
apex, taking us to what
would have been 481 feet high.
Imagine the energy
coming down to this spot,
concentrating in this one place,
and representing this great
alchemical journey,
a hero's journey,
that brought us to this
point in time right now,
just as it did Leonardo da
Vinci in the late 15th century.
Now, right here
around us, as we look
at the structure of this very,
very large, elongated room,
we'll notice the
corbelled walls that
converge right at the ceiling.
And as those corbels
connect up at the top,
we recognize as well the
metaphor in relationship
to our chakra system and the
notes, the white keys on a piano
keyboard, that take
us through the octave,
as we go from A, B, C, D, E,
F, G, and A, and all the way
back down again.
Now, as we contemplate what's
behind us, the entrance
to the King's Chamber, something
called the anti-chamber.
When Leonardo da
Vinci came here,
he described it as
being a place where
he had to place his right
hand over his right knee
and his left hand over his brow
as he wobbled back and forth
because the height of this crawl
space is approximately 1 meter.
And he felt this
incredible feeling
of both desire and
fear, desire to know
what might be within this
dark cavern, this dark room
and chamber, and fear of
also what might be within it.
And as we pass through
this crawl space,
we enter into the
King's Chamber.
Welcome to the King's Chamber
of the Great Pyramid of Giza.
This is the most studied room
in the most studied building
on all of planet Earth.
The structure of this room is
enigmatic in and of itself.
The perimeter of the room
is exactly 31.415926 meters.
You might recognize that number
as being pi times 10 meters.
It also has a
length of 20 cubits.
Each cubit being 1.718 feet.
And its width is 10
cubits, so it's a 2 to 1
ratio of a rectangle.
We'll also notice that there's
only one piece of furniture
in the entire room.
And that one piece is the
rose granite sarcophagus,
the composition of which
is 55% rose quartz.
It's basically a
crystal box, that
is 89.62 inches long
and 38.5 inches wide.
We can also note that each
of the blocks of the King's
Chamber, of which they
number 144, are irregular,
they have different
x, y, and z-axes.
It's quite a mystery,
just to understand
why the builders would
have taken such effort
and care to make each block
entirely irregular in all three
axes.
Then there's the mystery
of the air shafts
that don't really connect
to the outside air.
One of the air shafts sits next
to the entrance by about 8 feet,
along the northern wall.
The other is exactly opposite
it on the southern wall.
What is the purpose
of these air shafts
if they don't connect
to the outer structure
to bring fresh air into
the King's Chamber?
The floor to ceiling
height is also enigmatic
because it does not match a
perfect cube representation.
The floor to ceiling height
is 11.18 cubits, or 19.2 feet.
But the height of
the floor to ceiling
does give it a
more grand feeling.
The resident of the
chamber is also enigmatic.
The sarcophagus will
resonate at 117 hertz that
relates, we believe, to the
fine-structure constant,
the veritable separation between
light and darkness of 137.
137 square root is 11.7.
117 Hz is the exact
resonance frequency
of the sarcophagus itself.
137, it is the
foundational basis
of the God particle,
the Higgs boson.
137 is the number that is known
as a mathematical constant,
and in physics as alpha.
Alpha, as in alpha and omega.
137, which has a unique
relationship as well
to the sarcophagus when
we lay it on its side,
will stack 137 times against
the volume of the overall King's
Chamber.
And the square root of
137 is 11.7, or 11.7,
also matching the
Great Pyramid's base
to height ratio, which is 7 over
11, height over the full base.
As we look throughout
the rest of this room,
we'll notice that one of the
more enigmatic features that was
discovered in May of 2018 by
myself is that 33rd inch along
the back side of
the sarcophagus,
or what we would say
is the southwest side
of the sarcophagus,
is the alpha-omega.
The alpha-omega, which
is 5.605 inches in width
is, again, matching
this reference
to the perimeter value in
meters because the square root
of 10 times pi is 5.605.
As we look around the room,
one of the very first things
that we might
notice is seemingly
something etched
into the north wall.
The first discovery
that we made along
the north wall of
the King's Chamber
is the Apis bull, which
is exactly a reference
to the alpha or aleph, as it's
referred to, which means bull.
The reference to the Apis
bull or great bull of the west
is something that is
very prominent throughout
Egyptian history and mythology.
The great bull of the
west and bull mountain
are referencing the
House of Osiris.
We know Osiris also as
the Orion constellation.
And as we look at
this bull, we can
recognize that the bull
has a diamond-shaped figure
over its heart, and another that
seems to be inverted beneath it.
The bull also has
characteristics
where we could see
its horns, and it
seems to take on a look
that's similar to some
of the cave paintings
that are found in France,
that date all the way back to
many tens of thousands of years.
We'll also notice that
around the bull is a larger
cow, possibly a reference to the
Hathor, the mother of the Apis
bull.
In the mythology,
the Apis bull has
to sacrifice himself to
subsume and be subsumed back
into the mother Hathor
by and through the death
of his egoic experience in mind.
As we look around
the room, we also
notice that on the west
wall of the King's Chamber,
we see the face of a lion.
And also on the south
wall, immediately
across from where we find
the Apis bull and the Hathor,
we can also see a scorpion,
as well as a snake, and a man.
This man
representation, we find,
is actually a representation
etched into the stone of what is
often referred to as the 13th
Zodiac sign of Ophiuchus,
Ophiuchus, Asclepion,
even Thoth.
As we look at the east wall
across from the sarcophagus,
we can see the outline of a
woman riding a winged horse.
The winged horse
is a representation
of Pegasus, the woman, the
representation of Delphinus.
And additionally, she's
shooting a bow and arrow.
And the bow and arrow
representing Sagitta.
The arrow pointed directly
to with a prominent arrowhead
being very visible, the akela,
a large eagle or thunderbird.
These, we might recognize are
all astronomical constellations
representing Capricorn.
We can now see that all
of the 12 Zodiac signs
are represented with all
of the walls in precisely
the correct locations.
The deacon of astrology are
36 different astronomical
constellations that fit
within each Zodiac sign,
including the Orion
constellation,
also become visible to us
and to our perspective.
How did these etchings
appear into these walls?
Why are they
seemingly so damaged?
Why is it so difficult
for us to perceive these,
but now only now able to
see them with the naked eye?
Why has this not been
discovered before?
As we go around the
room and we notice
that all of the 48 in total
constellations at the time
of Ptolemy are represented.
And that the deacon of
astrology are, in fact,
the calendrical deacon that were
represented in the Atlantean
calendar.
It starts to raise
significant questions
as to what the purpose
of this room actually is.
Why also does it take on
this 2 to 1 rectangular form.
One of the possible answers
to this question might be that
as we traverse through
our 24,000-year precession
of equinox, our North Star
position changes from star
to star every 6,000
years, approximately.
Currently, it's Polaris.
Polaris is in the
constellation of Ursa Minor.
But 6,000 years ago
it was in Thuban.
And Thuban was our North Star.
Thuban is part of the
Draco's constellation.
We can find both Ursa Minor, as
well as the Draco constellation
along the north wall.
But 6,000 years before that, or
approximately 12,000 years ago,
it was Vega, in the
Lyra constellation,
also found on the north wall,
above a face, which face,
we believe to be that
of Orion himself.
And then finally, Cygnus
constellation housing within it
the star Deneb, which would have
been our North Star 24,000 years
ago.
Is this perhaps going to
become our North Star again?
As we look into the
night sky, we'll
notice that all
four of those stars
together take the
orientation of a 2 to 1
rectangle matching that
of the King's Chamber.
We'll also note that
the original position
of the sarcophagus,
we strongly believe
to have been the center of
this room and structure,
because even the
Orion constellation
itself takes on the same 2 to
1 rectangular form and shape,
with the three belt
stars exactly being
framed by the proportional
structure of the sarcophagus.
What was in the sarcophagus
still remains a mystery.
Some believe that there may
have been a mummy inside it
at one point, although
one was never found.
Others believe that
this might actually
be the place where the Ark
of the Covenant was held,
before Moses took it out.
And the astronomical
symbols of the Zodiac
all being prominent
flags and standards
represented by the
children of Israel
in the encampment
of the tabernacle,
each representing the four
faces of the four walls--
the face of a man, the face
of an ox, the face of a lion,
and the face of an eagle.
These are the four
faces represented
in the Book of Ezekiel,
for the children
of Israel and their encampment.
Are the airshafts,
one being exactly
at the position of Aries,
and the other airshaft
being immediately across
from it on the south wall
in the position of Sagittarius.
The beginning of the
Zodiac happens in Aries.
Is this telling us that this
is the beginning of the clock?
This zodiacal representation
along all of these walls
is possibly pointing
us to another purpose
of the Great Pyramid,
and in particular,
what the King's Chamber might
have actually been used for.
Many people that have
spent time in this chamber
have left it
irrevocably changed.
We know this with Julius
Caesar and the likes
of Alexander the Great, as
well as Napoleon himself.
What caused them to go through
this irrevocable change
and shift, where they no longer
wanted to conquer anymore.
And in the case of Napoleon,
he turned into a mathematician
who wanted to spend
the rest of his days
in his scientific pursuits.
Is the King's Chamber
telling us something more,
that if the sarcophagus is in
the right position at its center
point, covering the
three belt stars,
and we look around the room with
each block having a different x,
y, z-axis, and each having
a different constellation
associated and tied to it,
the 144 blocks tying together
to the 48 constellations.
We have to ask
ourselves the question,
is the King's
Chamber a stargate?
The King's Chamber has
represented for many people
the notion of finding within
our own personal sovereignty,
entering into a new
paradigm, being kinged
by the King's Chamber.
In the last season, we
introduced the notion
that Leonardo da Vinci had
encrypted the King's Chamber
into the Last Supper.
We found exactly
the same eye of Ra
on the back wall of the Western
Wall of the King's Chamber,
in precisely the same location.
If we look at the Last Supper
painting and the King's Chamber,
another thing really stands out
as being so vitally important.
I mentioned before that the
perimeter of the King's Chamber
is precisely pi times 10 meters.
What's interesting
about this is the 2 to 1
relationship that we
find of length to width.
As we look at the
Last Supper painting,
one other thing
truly stands out.
The position of the
observer is standing exactly
within the Age of Aquarius.
More than 500
years ago, Leonardo
encrypted this perspective for
us as observers in the future,
to be able to see and
recognize the next stage
of our conscious evolution.
But the great mystery still
stands within the Vitruvian Man.
In the upper left hand
corner, the word Aon
is the notable
anagram that we find.
Aon represents finding
the divinity of the Aon
avatar of the Aquarian age.
In the next episode,
we are going
to show you the manifestation
of what this means for each
and every one of us, and the
dramatic shift that is in store
for humanity as a result.